Update the cca_delete, setatt and Glossary in UserGuide (#201)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-W11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

To get started with CCA Manager and explore its features further, check out our [Installation Guide](#installation-guide) and our [Quick Start](#quick-start), where we'll go through some concrete use cases for our app.

> (Reminder: the **blued Oblique type** means it has relevant explanation in Glossary. ^_^ ) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Reminder: the **blue link** means it has relevant explanations in the Glossary. ^_^ ) 
```

## Installation Guide

**This Installation guide targets an audience who has knowledge of how to install programs and how to use a command line/terminal.**

<!-- TODO: Make the above disclaimer redundant -->

1. Ensure you have [_Java_](#Glossary) `11` or above installed on your Computer.

> 1. Download the latest `ccamanager.jar` from [here](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/releases). (Click [_here_](#Glossary) if you don't know what is .jar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest `ccamanager.jar` from [here](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/releases). (Click [_here_](#Glossary) if you don't know what is `.jar`)
```

### Upon Booting Up

> When you first boot up the app, the app will contain some example contacts for you to get a feel of using CCA Manager's [_functionalities_](#Glossary).

Reviewer: One of the feedback we got during UG review is to rename functionalities to functions. Lets remove this from glossary and rename it.
```suggestion
When you first boot up the app, the app will contain some example contacts for you to get a feel of using CCA Manager's functions.
```

## Features

> This section details the available [_functionalities_](#Glossary) of CCA Manager, organised according to the following categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section details the available functions of CCA Manager, organised according to the following categories:
```

A box appears with a button `Copy URL`. Clicking it will allow you to paste the link into your internet browsing application of choice (E.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox) and view our User Guide.

> (Click [_here_](#Glossary) if you don't know what is URL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Click [_here_](#Glossary) if you don't know what is an URL.)
```

##### Examples:

```
cca_delete c/NUS Cycling 
```
```
cca_delete c/Jogging
```

##### Outcome:
###### Before delete
<img src="images/UG-Basics/outcomeCca_deleteBefore.png" width=700>

###### After delete
<img src="images/UG-Basics/outcomeCca_deleteAfter1.png" width=700>
<img src="images/UG-Basics/outcomeCca_deleteAfter2.png" width=700>
<box type="tip" seamless>

**Tip:**

> *  After implementing this command, it will list people with relative deleted CCA. So it's normal when you saw

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Author: this means when there are multiple cca exist. after doing this. it lists the people who exist in the delete cca. rest people will be put at the bottom where Jules implements. This contrasts to the list command which shows all the people. So I write a warning here.

> **Tip:**
> *  After implementing this command, it will list people with relative deleted CCA. So it's normal when you saw
> other people disappeared. 
> *  Type list command again to see all people

Reviewer: Ok in that case here's how you could phrase it.
```suggestion
**Tip:**
*  After running this command, CCA Manager will only list people of the deleted CCA. Type the `list` command again to see all people
```

   </box>

##### Possible Failures:

> - delete a not existing CCA

Reviewer: Lets use full sentences here
```suggestion
If you delete a non-existent CCA this command will fail.
```

**Delete** | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Clear**  | `clear`

## Glossary

> Term   | Explanation                                                                                                                                                                               

Reviewer: If any of these are from chatGPT you need to cite it!

---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Graphic User Interface** | What you see on your computer or phone screen when you're using programs or apps. It's the visual way you interact with your device.                                                      
**FAQ** | Frequently Asked Questions                                                                                                                                                                
**Project Repository** | A digital storage space or a virtual filing cabinet where all the files and documents related to a project are kept. It's usually hosted online using platforms like GitHub or Bitbucket. 

> **Java** | A popular programming language that's used to build all sorts of software applications, from simple mobile apps to complex web servers. More refer to: https://www.java.com/en           

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Java** | A popular programming language that's used to build all sorts of software applications, from simple mobile apps to complex web servers. For more refer to: https://www.java.com/en           
```

**.jar file** | A package containing Java code, along with any other resources the program needs, such as images or configuration files. It stands for "Java ARchive."
**Linux** | Linux is an operating system, just like Windows or macOS, but it's built on a different foundation. More refer to: https://www.linux.org
**macOS** | macOS is the operating system developed by Apple for their Macintosh computers. It's what makes everything run on your Mac, like opening apps, browsing the web, or organizing files. More refer to: https://www.apple.com/macos/sonoma
**command terminal** | A text-based interface that allows you to interact with your computer using text commands instead of clicking on icons or buttons like you would in a graphical user interface (GUI). It's also known as a command line interface (CLI).
**Windows** |An operating system developed by Microsoft for personal computers. It's one of the most widely used operating systems in the world. More refer to: https://www.microsoft.com/windows?r=1

> **functionalities** | In this User Guide, it refers to what CCA Manager is able to do or tasks it can perform.

Reviewer: Remove
```suggestion
```

> **Linux** | Linux is an operating system, just like Windows or macOS, but it's built on a different foundation. More refer to: https://www.linux.org
> **macOS** | macOS is the operating system developed by Apple for their Macintosh computers. It's what makes everything run on your Mac, like opening apps, browsing the web, or organizing files. More refer to: https://www.apple.com/macos/sonoma
> **command terminal** | A text-based interface that allows you to interact with your computer using text commands instead of clicking on icons or buttons like you would in a graphical user interface (GUI). It's also known as a command line interface (CLI).
> **Windows** |An operating system developed by Microsoft for personal computers. It's one of the most widely used operating systems in the world. More refer to: https://www.microsoft.com/windows?r=1
> **functionalities** | In this User Guide, it refers to what CCA Manager is able to do or tasks it can perform.
> **URL** | A web address that specifies the location of a resource on the internet. It's basically the address you type into your web browser to visit a specific webpage or access a file online.
> **Index** | In this User Guide, it refers to the number that people appear in the list
> **JSON** | It's a lightweight data-interchange format that is easy for humans to read and write and easy for machines to parse and generate. More refer to: https://www.json.org
> **Github** | A platform for hosting and sharing code repositories. It's like a social network for developers, where they can collaborate on projects, share code, and track changes to their code over time. More refer to: https://github.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Linux** | Linux is an operating system, just like Windows or macOS, but it's built on a different foundation. For more refer to: https://www.linux.org
**macOS** | macOS is the operating system developed by Apple for their Macintosh computers. It's what makes everything run on your Mac, like opening apps, browsing the web, or organizing files. For more refer to: https://www.apple.com/macos/sonoma
**command terminal** | A text-based interface that allows you to interact with your computer using text commands instead of clicking on icons or buttons like you would in a graphical user interface (GUI). It's also known as a command line interface (CLI).
**Windows** |An operating system developed by Microsoft for personal computers. It's one of the most widely used operating systems in the world. For more refer to: https://www.microsoft.com/windows?r=1
**functionalities** | In this User Guide, it refers to what CCA Manager is able to do or tasks it can perform.
**URL** | A web address that specifies the location of a resource on the internet. It's basically the address you type into your web browser to visit a specific webpage or access a file online.
**Index** | In this User Guide, it refers to the number that people appear in the list
**JSON** | It's a lightweight data-interchange format that is easy for humans to read and write and easy for machines to parse and generate. For more refer to: https://www.json.org
**Github** | A platform for hosting and sharing code repositories. It's like a social network for developers, where they can collaborate on projects, share code, and track changes to their code over time. For more refer to: https://github.com/
```
